zigbee: Add a known issue regarding Scenes commands (#4024)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

    **Workaround:** Use only the production version of :ref:`nrfxlib:zboss` when using :ref:`lib_zigbee_shell`.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-0

KRKNWK-9145: Corrupted payload in commands of the Scenes cluster

>   The payload of received Scenes cluster commands is corrupted when using the :ref:`nrfxlib:zboss` production libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When receiving Scenes cluster commands, the payload is corrupted when using the :ref:`nrfxlib:zboss` production libraries.
```

Author: done
